Data Types , Casting  and  Keyword
                           ASSIGNMENT
Q 1.  What are Primitive Data types in Java?
  Ans. byte, short, char, int, long ,float, double, String,               boolean.
Q 2. What are the Identifiers in Java?
Ans. Identifiers are the name which  is used to identify function , variable,class,packages etc in java.It basically refers the name of memory by which name the value is stored. It can not be reserve words.
Q 3. What is final class in Java?
Ans.A class is declared final by using final keyword.A final class is not inherited by other class it restrict other class to inherit its features.
Q 4. What are the two  ways to make a class final?
Ans.The one ways to make class final by using final keyword with class the other ways to make all constructor private which restricted other class to use their methods.
Q 5 Can we create an instance of final class in another class?
Ans.Yes ,we can create instance of final class in another class but we can not inherit the class.
Q 6. What is Volatile keyword used for ?
Ans A volatile keyword is used to mark java variable to being stored in main memory , that is not stored in CPU cache.In this way all thread acces same variable for volatile variable.
Q 7  What is the use of Transient Keyword ?
Ans It is used to avoid serialization.
Q 8. What are the types of casting?
Ans There are two types of casting.
  Widening typecasting: It is done automatically by JVM which  it is implicit conversion convert small datatype to larger.
 short a=12;
int b=a;
Narrowing casting : It is used to convert larger datatype to smaller. It is explicit conversion.
  Int a=9;
Float b=(float)a;
Q 9 . What is boxing and unboxing?
 Ans Boxing: The conversion of primitive data type into its equivalent wrapper class in known as boxing.
   int a=18;
Integer b=new Integer(a);
Unboxing: The conversion of equivalent wrapper class into its primitive data type is known as unboxing.
Integer b=new Integer (23);
int a=b;
Q 10 What is the difference between keywords, identifiers and literals in java ?
Ans  Keywords are the reserved words that have a pre defined meaning for the compiler and hence are restricted to be used as identifiers. 
 Identifiers are the name assigned to different programming constructs like classes, interfaces, methods , variables etc. 
  Literals are the values that are assigned to Identifiers.
Example: 
   int a=17;
Here int is keyword, a is identifier ,17 is literal.